From: Sam Adams <lagerhed@delanet.com>  
Subject: Re: (no subject) 

>Do you have any legal qualifications? No? Well I do, so I guess I am
>better qualified to comment on the legality of your scheme than you
>are. This is FREE advice, whether you take or not is entirely up to
>you, but I suggest you investigate this matter further before you 
>have to answer some rather awkward questions.. 

Im sorry, now you know my educational background as well. PLEASE DO
NOT ever answer a question directed to me with your own words. When
you do this you are insulting yourself. As a matter of fact i had a
minor in law and i have 2 MBA''s in finance and economics. so to
answer your question , YES, i have legal qualifications. As for your
qualifications, you have done research that can be done at any law
library to which i am well aware. 


>     your assertion that you are 'selling' reports is just a
>     smoke-screen, it is obvious that these reports are not worth $5.

The knowledge contained in these reports is clearly worth more than
$5, just as the information in an infomercial is clearly worth more
than $19.95. You cannot comment on something that you have never seen.
If you have some  type of 6th sense that allows you to see my reports
from your home, please let the world know how you do it. otherwise you
cannot have an opinion on something you have never seen. 

>     Multi-Level Marketing system - it is this kind of system that led
>     to millions of homeless in Lithuania. I hope you can live with
>     that on your conscience.

http://search.yahoo.com/bin/search?p=multi+level+marketing  
this link will help you understand that i am not the only person doing
MLM. it is clear that it is all over the world including your country.
Since i am unaware of business failure in third world countries, i
think i will be able to live with it on my conscience. 

>     You have already broken the law anyway, if as you say, you used
>     the internet for advertising. I refer you to: 

>     US Code Title 47, Sec.227(b)(1)(C): 

>             "It shall be unlawful for any person within the United
>             States to 
>              use any telephone facsimile machine, computer, or other
>              device to send an unsolicited advertisement to a
>              telephone facsimile machine"

the law you have given is for unsolicited mail or advertisement. Al's
name was taken from a targeted mailing list that was purchased. I am
not at fault for obtaining his address nor am i at fault for using it
in a manner that it was selected and intended for. If you do not want
to make money, please do not interfere with my business.  I believe
you have been arguing with the wrong person. you need to be going
after people that create targeted mailing lists. that is  where i
found Al's address and the list was designed for people who might be
interested in MLM. 

I would appreciate it if you do not waste any more of my time. I have
already spent enough of it arguing with you. the program was not sent
to you nor was it intended for you that is why it was not unsolicited.
If you do not want your friends to be subjected to this type of mail,
there are many precautions that can be taken to avoid it. there are
also many precautions that can be taken to make sure your email
address is not put on a list. 

Thank You for you time and suggestions, they have been noted. 

Sam Adams 