To:     "Mike Thornton" <mike_z_thornton@hotmail.com>
Date:   Sun, 28 Sep 1997 11:41:57 -0700
From:   "Sam Adams" <lagerhead@mailexcite.com>    


I love how you rely on information you find either by internet, 
or phone or book, or where ever.Harry Jones that lives at 
[removed] is by NO means me. If you do not believe me, call 
him yourself as i did. You are the one who obtained his phone
number and illegally spread his private info on the net. 
The Harry Jones at that address does not even have a computer.
I do hope you take that advice before you look like a bigger 
fool than you already have. 

Yes Harry Jones is the one who deal with the company receivables, 
but no he does not live at [removed]. PLEASE DO call him 
so i can get a good laugh of you making a fool out of yourself.

Also you must be as ignorant as i thought since i sent you a 
copy of the mail you sent to Francine Morasse about a "change 
of address". 

Yes i still live with mum and she has a different 
last name than her son. You are too quick for me.

As for me getting a third party involved, that is also incorrect. 
YOU are the one that obtained all these addresses and sent out to 
people to change them. If all was left alone, since the origianl 
message was sent to Al not you, there would be no problem and 
Harry Jones at [removed] would not be interested in sueing you. 
By putting his name address and phone number on the internet 
without his permission, you are slandering his name and including 
him in something that he knows nothing about.

He was not even sure what a newsgroup and email was when i called 
him.i had to explain it to him.

NOW, you have done the same thing. You are illegally using peoples 
names and addresses as advertisement. I dont know who 
[Removed] is. I have never met her or heard 
of her.thats twice you have done that. 

I think YOU are the one that should consider those consequenses 
before you put anymore addresses you are not sure of on the internet.

please go and read the disclaimer you accepted at hotmail that 
expalins abusing the address. that is what you are doing when 
you use peoples addresses and phone numbers without permission.
 
Now i have to call this [Removed] and see if she is real 
and if she is aware you are using her name and phone number since 
she does not live at 10 Berwyn Hall.

That address is a business called Eaglehead Productions.

Unless you falsely use someone elses name and address, i have no 
reason to contact you again.
