Mike wrote:

You are very stupid. That information was already on the net. I 
have not 'illegally obtained' any info thickhead. I have not 
spread his info anywhere, I just emailled a few people, they 
could do what they wanted with the information. 

As Harry Jones' info was on the net already - I can only assume 
that he requested that it be put there. If he does not want it 
there, he should take it up with the people that have put his 
name in the directory, not me. (Does this sound familiar 
hypocrite?)

>Yes Harry Jones is the one who deal with the company receivables, 
>but no he does not live at [address removed]. PLEASE DO call him 
>so i can get a good laugh of you making a fool out of yourself.

No, I accept I may have made a mistake on that one.

>Also you must be as ignorant as i thought since i sent you a 
>copy of the mail you sent to Francine Morasse about a "change of 
>address". 

No you did not. I think YOU must be ignorant.

>Yes i still live with mum "Leslie Carroll"and she has a 
>different last name than her son. You are too quick for me.

She probably wants nothing to do with you....

>As for me getting a third party involved, that is also 
>incorrect. YOU are the one that obtained all these addresses 
>and sent out to people to change them. If all was left alone, 
>since the origianl message was sent to Al not you, there 
>would be no problem and Harry Jones at [removed] would not 
>be interested in sueing you. By putting his name address and 
>phone number on the internet without his permission, you are
>slandering his name and including him in something that he 
>knows nothing about. 

No, you misunderstand. YOU are the one who chose to advertise 
your address on the net, and send it out to everyone who you 
do not know. Now you must suffer the consequences.

>NOW, you have done the same thing. You are illegally using 
>peoples names and addresses as advertisement. I dont know who 
>leslie carroll is. I have never met her or heard of her.thats 
>twice you have done that. I think YOU are the one that should 
>consider those consequenses before you put anymore addresses 
>you are not sure of on the internet.

I am sorry, but I KNOW that you are lying! Leslie Carroll LIVES 
AT THE ADDRESS THAT YOU WANT THE MONEY SENT TO! Either you put 
the wrong address on the original email, and have received NO 
money, or you are lying. I will continue to post this address 
and phone number as it IS the address and phone number for the 
address you gave. At the very least Leslie Carroll should know 
that YOU have been using that address. I will recommend 
everyone to phone up and tell Leslie what you have been doing, 
and that your name is Harry Jones in Newark. No doubt Leslie 
will know who you are and take the required actions. Looks 
like you'll be taken off the net until you grow a brain, 
buddy boy!

>please go and read the disclaimer you accepted at hotmail 
>that expalins abusing the address. 

Why don't YOU read the disclaimer - not to be used for 
illegal chain-letter money making schemes I think you'll find!

>Now i have to call this leslie carroll and see if she is real 
>and if she is aware you are using her name and phone number 
>since she does not live at 10 Berwyn Hall.
>That address is a business called Eaglehead Productions.

Yeah right, that well known business. I think once Leslie has 
belted your backside you will remember who he/she is!
Eaglehead Productions is a crap name anyway, grow up ass-wipe.

>Unless you falsely use someone elses name and address, i have no 
>reason to contact you again.

Yes you do, you have to email me to apologise for being so 
immature and promise not to try any more chain letter scams, 
and not to send out more junk email. If you don't - Leslie 
Carroll's phone number will remain on the net and people 
will coninue to phone up and inform Leslie that YOU, not me, 
YOU, have put the address up on the net, and sent it out to 
thousands of people.

Anyone can find out the phone number for that address via 
the net, perfectly legally, this is something you would have 
known if you had not been such a sad lamer.

I suggest you apologise.

Mike