The Wish Script Version 9
www.GtBFilms.co.uk

CAST:
Trevor Anderson: Alastair Hodge
Derek Baker: Alan Brown
Darth Cumulus : Andrew Bawn
Hologram Commander: Roy Spiers

Cameras: John Adair
Director: Alan Brown

Filing Dates: 
Main Filming 18th October, 
Hologram Filming 3rd November, 
Additional Trevor sequences 16th November 2003. 

SCENE 1 Opening Scene, Trevors Livingroom
-----------------------------------------

Trevor Anderson is sitting on the sofa, watching the telly, he looks like a bit of a geek. He is watching a Star Wars film, it is playing some cheesy bit like the Ewoks party at the end of ROTJ or the final medal presentations at the end of SW. After a few moments he sighs longingly, looks wistfully beyond the camera and says to no-one in particular:

"I WISH real life was more like Star Wars"



SCENE 2 Outer Space
------------------- 

Star Wars Intro Crawl sequence here

A wee ship getting chased by a huge ship, and then it pans down to reveal a planet. 

The wee ship fires a pod out and down to the planet. 

The wee ship gets destroyed by a much bigger ship.

At this stage the viewer is not aware if this is part of the film that Trevor is watching, or if it is part of OUR film.


SCENE 3 Trevor's Livingroom
---------------------------

The phone rings, and Trevor answers is, and says "Hello?" 

We have a wee picture within a picture, and we see Derek in his house on the phone.

Derek: "Hi Trev, it's me, Derek, how are you?"
Trevor: "Okay, just sitting watching some videos"
Derek: "I've found something you might be interested in, I think you had better come round and see it"
Trevor: "What is it? I've still got 'Return of the Jedi' to watch"
Derek: "Forget about that, this is much more interesting, I can't explain on the phone, you'll have to come round"
Trevor: <sighs> "Ok, this has better be worth it, I'm missing out on Leia in the slave outfit here"
Derek: "I'll see you in half an hour then"
Trevor: "Okay"


SCENE 4 Onboard SpaceShip
-------------------------

Darth Cumulus is cso'ed against a spaceship background, or possibly a moving background stolen from a starwars film if I can get a sequence where he can block out the person in the foreground. His hood is up, so you do not see his face.

He recieves a message, and a wee blue crackly hologram guy appears in front of him, it is some boy in a semi-military uniform:

HoloDude: The target has been destroyed Sir, but they appear to have jettissoned the plans before we were able to intercept them.
Sith: Have the plans been recovered commander?
HoloDude: Not yet my Lord, I am arranging a recovery party and we expect....

Sith puts up his finga and the Holodude dries up and starts cluthcing his neck and choking and that.

Sith: You have failed me for the last time, we must remain inconspicuous, I will recover the plans myself.

Wee holodude collapses over just as the blue hologram disappears.

The Sith boy turns away and his cloak sweeps across the camera like a wipe and wipes to...


SCENE 5 Dereks House
--------------------

...the camera sweeps from behind a chair to...

Trevor and Derek are having a drink, and Derek tells Trevor that he found this really nice coin/ring whatever in the woods near his house. He shows him it. Trevor is impressed, and wants something like this too.

Derek:  "I was out with the metal detector yesterday evening...."

Trevor: "That old thing, I don't know why you waste your time with that, you never find anything of interest.."

Derek: "Oh yeah? Well what about THIS then?" 

Derek holds out this coin/item

Trevor is impressed.

Trevor "Wow! That has got to be worth a few quid, where did you find it?"

Derek "In the old spooky wood on the edge of town?"

Trevor "The old spooky wood that no-one ventures into any more?"

Derek "Yes"

Both look simultaneously at the camera, both with a sort of one eyebrow raised expression, the camera has the wide angle lense fitted, it zooms in slowly and the two  maintain their expressions.

Cut to normal view again.

Trevor "Cool, let's go and see if we can find anything else!"

Derek "I can't. I've got to take the car to get fixed, but you can borrow my metal detector if you like..."

Trevor "Thanks Derek, I'll give you a share if I find anything"

> At some point early in the film, when Joe and Fred are
> talking, we can have a reference to "Are you going to fencing 
> class on Thursday?" or something like that, to explain why 
> Joe isn't totally hopeless with a lightsabre.  After all, how 
> would an inexperienced person beat a Sith Lord?  Or we could 
> just ignore this aspect, I suppose.


SCENE 6 The woods
----------------- 

Trevor goes to the place where Derek found the coin. He is using his metal detector.
 
Initially he finds something crap, maybe a nail, but then the metal detector goes nuts. 

He digs and finds a metal box.

He opens the box, and inside is a computer disk marked "Operation Armageddon - Top Secret" and a light sabre.

He doesn't know what they are. 

He tries to switch on the lightsabre, but it doesn't appear to work, he looks at the disk for a second.

Trevor is of course impressed with this, Then we see a dark figure come out of the shadows. 
Somebody has been watching Trevor, and he does not look very pleased! 

Trevor hears something, says the classic star wars line:

Trevor: "I have a bad feeling about this" 

...and runs back to his car with the items. 

The dark figure arrives at the hole in the ground, he looks int he discarded metal box, and sees that it is now empty. He makes a frustrated fist movement, then looks around to see if he can see the perpetrator.

The dark figure looks through special space-style binoculars, and we can have like it all green and zoom in, and computer writing down the side, and then it freezes on the number plate, and computer writing doon the bottom goes IDENTIFICATION N133 GLO...LOGGED.

Sort of like Terminator eyeballs work, then you see a medium shot of him lowering his space 'nocliars, so you know it was his 'nocliars doing that, not his eyes.

You can only really see his mouth under his hood, and as he lowers the 'nocliars, he smiles.

SCENE 7 Unknown room somewhere
------------------------------

Possible computer generated back ground of inside a futuristic looking space ship, this this guy done on a blue screen to put him in the location.

We see the dark figure using a computer to search a database of registration numbers and addresses. He finds Trevor's number, and therefore discovers his address.

We can do a really tacky movie-style computer there, where is still like a DOS program and it does stuff that real computers do no do, but they always do in fillums, like spooling loads of nonsense up the screen while flashing SEARCHING ... in the middle, and that.

SCENE 8 Outside Trevor's house (later)
--------------------------------------

We have a scene of the ship landing in some street, and the dark figure leaving it, and he turns back with his wee door central locking bleeper, and it makes the spaceship go invisible, then he watches Trevor leave his house, and goes back to his ship to follow him.



SCENE 9 Forth Road Bridge
-------------------------
(Could be done with footage shot later)

Trevor is still being followed by the dark figure as he crosses the bridge.

Cool Footage of the car going over the bridge, put the spaceship in later using a computer rendered spaceship bluescreened onto the original footage.


SCENE 10 Road in Fife
---------------------

The dark figure is getting shoots his spaceship laser guns, forcing Trevor off the road! 

With some pyro special effects added onto the footage later, at the side of the road as the car goes past. 

Then you see the car stop, someplace right, and in the background, the spaceship is landing. 

Cut to the boy out the spaceship noo, so we do not have to worry aboot HOW he gets oot a ship that is not really there. 

He probably does that invisible ship thing again here.
 
The dark figure pulls Trevor from the car and says threateningly, 

Darth "You have something of mine!". 


Darth removes his hood and we see his face for the first time. Trevor is terrified and runs away up a hill.

We get a shot of the advancing Darth guy, and he has draw his light sabre and is holding it down by his side, he switches it on and the beam lights up as he advances on Trevor!


SCENE 11 On the hill
--------------------

Trevor falls over, and the dark figure catches up with him. He tries to cut him in half with the light sabre. Trevor rolls over to dodge this.

In desperation pulls his light sabre out and fumbles with it, trying to switch it on. He looks at it in panic, and we see a closeup of the safety catch button, he slides it off and tries to switches it on again.

While this is happening the Darth guy is doing some rather pointless showing off with his lightsabre swinging it around etc. Trevors lightsabre springs to life as he scambles to his feet.

A battle takes place, with the Forth bridges in the background. Trevor is quite unsure of himself, not being used to fighting, and initially does badly. 

And gets his hand/arm cut off ! (Maybe)

But of course in the end he wins (we will have to think up some interesting or even amusing things to happen during the fight).

When the dark figure is killed he vanishes to nothing like Obi Wan did (just clothing left).

His boots are smoking!
 
Trevor picks up the other light sabre. He now has two of them! 

SCENE 12 Ending sequence
------------------------

We see Trevor and Derek talking, it fades slowly into focus.

Trevor: "...and that's exactly how it happened..."
Derek (incredulously): "and there was nothing left at all?"
Trevor: "Well only these..."

Trevor takes out the two lightsabres and shows them to Derek.

Derek takes one, he turns it on and waves it about a wee bit, while he is doing it, Trevor switches his on as well.

Derek: "Fantastic!"

Trevor: " Yup, my wish has come true, real life is going to be a LOT more like Star Wars from now on..."

Both laugh and the shot pulls out to show they are next to their car, which is facing away from them, and they are at the back of it, they both go to get in either side of the car, lightsabres still on. 

Then they remember, switch OFF the light sabres, and get into the car properly and drive away. 

As the car leaves we see they have a new personalised number plate: JED1.

END MUSIC AND CREDITS.

Ideas:
Should the Sith boy be wearing a rubber alien mask thing, or do we make him up? Or does he just look like a normal person?

Props required:
All black outfit for Darth Cumulus
	Black cloak 
	Black gloves 
	Black trousers
	Black shirt
	Mask/Makeup?

Holodude:
	Semi-military Uniform

Trevor:
	Trevor wears white baggy shirt, 
	pair of combat troosers and that
	Sort of normal stuff that is like the sort of
	thing that ObiWan wears in Ep 1 and 2, i.e. no
	actually non-normal stuff but has Jedi sort of
	feel to it, which you notice later on.

Derek:
	Totally normal gear

2 lightsabres
Lightsabre poles
Space nocliars 
Metal Box 
Strange coin
Metal Detector
bent nail/coke can or something to find with metal detector first.
Wee trowel for burying these things someplace/digging them up!
JED1 number plate
Invisible ship bleeper device
Beers 
wee business card CD marked "Operation Armageddon - Top Secret" 
